README.md, before:

# CSS Note
Some note that I think it's important about CSS

## Ways to override Style
  ### 1. Declare order
  The order of the class declarations in the <style> section are what is important. The second declaration will always take precedence over the first. 
  
    *Note: It doesn't matter which order the classes are listed in the HTML element.*
```
    <style>
      .pink-text {
        color: pink;
      }
      .blue-text {
        color: blue;      // this style take precedence
      }
    </style>
  <h3 class="pink-text blue-text">Hello World!</h3>
``` 
  ### 2. Id selector
    Id declarations override class declarations, regardless of where they are declared in your style element CSS.
 
```
    <style>
      .pink-text {
        color: pink;
      }
      .blue-text {
        color: blue;
      }
      #orange-text {
        color: orange;      // this style take precedence
      }
    </style>
    <h3 id="orange-text" class="pink-text blue-text">Hello World!</h3>
```
  ### 3. Inline style
   In-line styles will override all the CSS declarations in your style element.
   
```
   <style>
      .pink-text {
        color: pink;
      }
      .blue-text {
        color: blue;
      }
      #orange-text {
        color: orange;
      }
  </style>
  <h3 id="orange-text" class="pink-text blue-text" style="color: white">Hello World!</h3> // this inline style take precedence
```
   ### 4. Using Important
    When you absolutely need to be sure that an element has specific CSS, you can use !important
    
```
    <style>
      .pink-text {
        color: pink !important;      // this style take precedence
      }
      .blue-text {
        color: blue;
      }
      #orange-text {
        color: orange;
      }
    </style>
    <h3 id="orange-text" class="pink-text blue-text" style="color: white">Hello World!</h3>
```

## CSS attribute notes
- Overflow only works on block level elements.
- Vertical align only works for inline,inline-blocks,images,and table elements.

## Design Guidelines

1. Structure layout first
2. Use more padding
3. Use more line height on body than headings
4. Do not use pure black
5. Use fewer fonts, or be consistent with fonts
6. Use fewer colors, or complimentary colors
7. Be consistent with borders and corners
8. Fine details, transitions and animations last
9. Don’t go overboard with drop shadows, gradients, or animations

## EM and REM unit
### EM unit is parent-child relationship unit
```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        …
        <style>
.wrapper { font-size: 20px; }
.a { font-size: 1.5em; }
.b { font-size: 2.0em; }
        </style>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="wrapper">
            <span class="a">hello from inside .a</span>
            <span class="b">hello from inside .b</span>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>
```
The result we have is: .a is 30px an .b is 40px

### REM unit is root-child relationship unit
```
   html <- root
   /  \
head  body
 /      \
…        …
```
Let's see example below
```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        …
        <style>
:root {
  font-size: 15px;
}
.wrapper { font-size: 20px; }
.a { font-size: 1.5rem; }
.b { font-size: 2.0rem; }
        </style>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="wrapper">
            <span class="a">hello from inside .a</span>
            <span class="b">hello from inside .b</span>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>
```
So, the result we have will be: .a is 22.5px and .b is 30px

## Flexbox

### justify-content: Align items horozontally
justify-content accept following values:
- flex-start: items align to left side of container
- flex-end: items align to right side of container
- center: items align at the center of container
- space-between: Items display with equal spacing between them.
- space-around: Items display with equal spacing around them.

Commit message:

add note about align-items

README.md, after:

# CSS Note
Some note that I think it's important about CSS

## Ways to override Style
  ### 1. Declare order
  The order of the class declarations in the <style> section are what is important. The second declaration will always take precedence over the first. 
  
    *Note: It doesn't matter which order the classes are listed in the HTML element.*
```
    <style>
      .pink-text {
        color: pink;
      }
      .blue-text {
        color: blue;      // this style take precedence
      }
    </style>
  <h3 class="pink-text blue-text">Hello World!</h3>
``` 
  ### 2. Id selector
    Id declarations override class declarations, regardless of where they are declared in your style element CSS.
 
```
    <style>
      .pink-text {
        color: pink;
      }
      .blue-text {
        color: blue;
      }
      #orange-text {
        color: orange;      // this style take precedence
      }
    </style>
    <h3 id="orange-text" class="pink-text blue-text">Hello World!</h3>
```
  ### 3. Inline style
   In-line styles will override all the CSS declarations in your style element.
   
```
   <style>
      .pink-text {
        color: pink;
      }
      .blue-text {
        color: blue;
      }
      #orange-text {
        color: orange;
      }
  </style>
  <h3 id="orange-text" class="pink-text blue-text" style="color: white">Hello World!</h3> // this inline style take precedence
```
   ### 4. Using Important
    When you absolutely need to be sure that an element has specific CSS, you can use !important
    
```
    <style>
      .pink-text {
        color: pink !important;      // this style take precedence
      }
      .blue-text {
        color: blue;
      }
      #orange-text {
        color: orange;
      }
    </style>
    <h3 id="orange-text" class="pink-text blue-text" style="color: white">Hello World!</h3>
```

## CSS attribute notes
- Overflow only works on block level elements.
- Vertical align only works for inline,inline-blocks,images,and table elements.

## Design Guidelines

1. Structure layout first
2. Use more padding
3. Use more line height on body than headings
4. Do not use pure black
5. Use fewer fonts, or be consistent with fonts
6. Use fewer colors, or complimentary colors
7. Be consistent with borders and corners
8. Fine details, transitions and animations last
9. Don’t go overboard with drop shadows, gradients, or animations

## EM and REM unit
### EM unit is parent-child relationship unit
```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        …
        <style>
.wrapper { font-size: 20px; }
.a { font-size: 1.5em; }
.b { font-size: 2.0em; }
        </style>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="wrapper">
            <span class="a">hello from inside .a</span>
            <span class="b">hello from inside .b</span>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>
```
The result we have is: .a is 30px an .b is 40px

### REM unit is root-child relationship unit
```
   html <- root
   /  \
head  body
 /      \
…        …
```
Let's see example below
```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        …
        <style>
:root {
  font-size: 15px;
}
.wrapper { font-size: 20px; }
.a { font-size: 1.5rem; }
.b { font-size: 2.0rem; }
        </style>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="wrapper">
            <span class="a">hello from inside .a</span>
            <span class="b">hello from inside .b</span>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>
```
So, the result we have will be: .a is 22.5px and .b is 30px

## Flexbox

### justify-content: Align items horozontally
Accept following values:
- flex-start: items align to left side of container
- flex-end: items align to right side of container
- center: items align at the center of container
- space-between: Items display with equal spacing between them.
- space-around: Items display with equal spacing around them.

### align-items: Align items vertically
Accept following values:
- flex-start: Items align to the top of the container.
- flex-end: Items align to the bottom of the container.
- center: Items align at the vertical center of the container.
- baseline: Items display at the baseline of the container.
- stretch: Items are stretched to fit the container.
